9 am in Shanghai Shenzhen and here in
Hong Kong you're watching the China
show. I'm Ivon Man with David and Glenn.
>> Happy Friday morning. We're counting
down to the open of markets in greater
China. Let's get to your top stories
today. Stocks across the Asia Pacific
and US futures gaining on optimism about
US Iran talks but the future of Iranian
uranium stock piles and tolls in the
straight of hormones are somewhat
clouding the outlook on energy. Hong
Kong listed tech stocks set for the
worst week since the Iran war started as
funds riding the AI boom rotate to other
markets.
>> Also ahead, Chinese founded AI for Manis
said to be considering raising a billion
dollars to unwind his controversial
takeover by Meta.
>> Plus, Standard Charter facing questions
from Hong Kong and Singapore regulators
after CEO Bill Winter's controversial
remarks on AI and jobs.
All
right, we got to the end of the week
here and we continue to see the chips
doing quite well here this morning and
certainly there has been some headline
news when it comes to Iran that you know
seems like the US in this latest deal
proposal is at least bridging some of
the gaps here as well. Also certainly
there's been talk about maybe even
permanent tolling when it comes to
straight of hormones. So at least that
part is actually adding to a little bit
more of momentum in the risk rally too
today.
>> Yeah. And it's it's funny how
somewhat permanent polling in the
hormones is not treated as a good thing
as I guess a progress in terms of
finding some sort of end of the tunnel
there. Uh but that's I guess in some
ways we'll talk about the inflation
story and what a really bad spell bonds
have had. uh any sort of permanence to
this pick up in PPI inflation, right?
And what that means for this parallel
but somewhat divorced move in in AI and
chips and this rally we're seeing here
across the region. Uh you know, you look
at the likes of Korea which hasn't
really acted like a stock market. It's
really been all over the place. But
that's what we're pulling back as far as
that's concerned. Uh the other thing we
want to point out too is you know when
you look at Chinese tech and I think we
have to define Chinese tech, it's really
taken somewhat of a different form
recently. Uh platform stocks have not
really done well. did not participate in
this rally and I think this this drop we
had in K web overnight outperformed but
the CSI 300 ETF overnight underscores
perhaps where the preferences between A
and A chairs
>> and you talk about this HSI review
coming up yeah
>> and the names that are being thrown
around on what possibly could be these
additions you're talking about the
you're talking about the Miniaxes now
these sort of AI challengers to those
traditional platforms now does show
maybe now the these names are getting a
little bit more global right and the
amount of influence that could come if
they actually do get added
Yeah, that's where the buildout is going
to come from, right? Those are the picks
and shovels that people have been piling
into, no pun intended there. So, apart
from that, it's quite on the macro
front. For once, I think we're flat on
the week as far as bonds go. Uh, the
dollar somewhat behaved itself. I think
we had a bit of a jostle that started
the week. Uh, and that's also I think we
have a graphic that shows you this to
the point Ivonne just made earlier on on
this chips rally, right? I think we're
about 21 weeks into 2026. And of those
21 weeks, 17 weeks we've seen a weekly
gain on the socks index. So, uh, this
one has really just rallied past
everything and all the bad news and
everything in between here.
>> Yeah. Let's bring in our next guest,
Kate Moore, CIO of City Wealth. She's in
town, uh, in the region this week and
and certainly there's been a lot of talk
about, as Dave mentioned, right? Can can
this whole AI trade be divorced from the
macro risks out there with inflation?
What's your take on that?
>> I mean, look, I think it's
uncomfortable, but my answer is yes. I
do think that the AI trade and the macro
risk and particularly what's going on in
the rates market can be somewhat
divorced in the near term. That said, if
there is like a persistent change uh in
terms of overall activity and demand and
consumption, perhaps we take a little
bit of steam off of AI trade in the back
half of the year, but right now we have
no signs of that. And so we hear from a
lot of our clients and certainly other
investors in my circle say the same
thing. People are uncomfortable with how
persistent the AI trade is in terms of
leadership and depth across the market.
Uh and they get a little worried that
they have too much concentration around
one specific theme and yet of course
it's permeating every sector, every
industry everywhere around the world. An
investment in this space is what I think
in what I call existential for every
company.
>> What the latest earnings does that add
to does that reduce the discomfort a
little bit? Do I get sleep better at
night looking at this latest set of
numbers? It should make people sleep a
lot better at night because the earnings
of course were phenomenal. But more
importantly, as we know, it wasn't just
what happened in the first quarter, but
it's the raise in terms of guidance for
the next few quarters and for the next
kind of 12 months. You know, you think
about where we were just about a year
ago in terms of expectations for
hyperscaler capex. It was something like
$375 billion for 2026. as we just got
through first quarter earning season.
We're now close to $800 billion in
expected capex for the hyperscalers and
that's just the hyperscalers. You know,
one thing we heard from Nvidia this week
too was kind of a broadening out of
expected demand for chips and you know
across the entire AI infrastructure uh
space. So I think we should expect a
huge amount of spend and uh more
countries and more industries getting in
on the trade besides the hyperscalers.
Yeah, I mean just given the negative
reaction to the Nvidia despite all that,
right? Totally, it kind of perplexes
everyone's minds on why this stock is
still not surprising and delivering.
Does it mean that a the AI trade needs
to be more selective now moving forward?
>> I think you can broaden out your AI
trade and so the way that we've been
approaching it is of course we want to
own the picks and shovels, of course we
want to own the semiconductors. Uh that
makes a ton of sense. That said, there's
a bunch of other stuff that we think is
in the earlier stages of doing very
well. You know, for the last number of
months, we've been talking about natural
resources and particularly industrial
metals that go into the buildout um of
the data centers and frankly power grids
and other places that we need to upgrade
in order to really meet future demand.
So natural resources upstream certainly
interesting. uh we've been more excited
about industrial applications and AI and
particularly you know the physical
aspect of AI which I know came up in a
number of earnings calls over the course
of the last um few weeks but physical AI
and industrials in particular I think uh
in machinery and equipment stocks also
look really interesting right now
>> what's the diversifier though if those
are not because those seem to be now
being folded under this broader AI theme
increasingly we're just being we're held
hostage by one singular theme what what
is the outlier here.
>> Yeah, I had a call I colleague ask me
this question earlier this week. Okay,
like where do you get the
diversification? Where does a totally
uncorrelated part of the equity market
for example from the AI trade and it's
uncomfortable but the answer is nothing
is fully uncorrelated because some of
the other stuff we might like let's say
financials and banks do frankly well uh
as they continue to adopt AI tools
improve efficiency and productivity and
really kind of manage their margins even
better. So, it's actually sometimes
these other sectors, the use of AI
that's going to improve the overall
fundamental picture over the next couple
quarters that allows us to get excited.
>> There's still the the threat of
inflation. We've seen it perk up.
>> H how do I express that across these
markets? This whole oil growth inflation
sort of tension right now. Is it still
the rates market or how else do you
>> Yeah. So, we've been um much more
aggressive in terms of our inflation
call than even some of our other
colleagues in city to be honest with
you. uh and saw a broadening out of
inflation even before the start of the
war with Iran. And this one data point
I'm fixated on right now is that in the
most recent CPI report, 45% of the
components of CPI were running at a 5%
or higher annualized clip.
>> Think about that. And that was kind of
some factor of higher energy prices, but
not really. And so we're expecting the
broadening out of inflationary pressures
to continue over the next couple months
and quarters, making it really, really
difficult for the Fed to do anything but
indicate that they're watching the
inflation data and may end end up
needing to have a bit of a tightening
bias, even if that's not their next
action. So what do we do with this?
Well, I think people who had positioned
themselves the beginning part of this
year for rate sensitive stocks,
especially kind of small and
medium-sized businesses that are price
takers that have much thinner margins
than the large caps, for example, will
find themselves really disappointed as
this inflation feeds through. And then
also consumer stocks that we know are
trading on very thin margins to begin
with. We have to watch there as well. So
on the rate side, uh we expect rates are
biased higher both from expected fiscal
spend, higher inflation and globally a
policy bias towards tightening. So um
it's pretty hard for us to want to add
to duration and we remain really
underweight in the space.
>> Uh what about gold used to be the the
preference? I mean it
>> do love I do love my gold
>> still
>> still.
>> Well, I guess it depends on the time
horizon you look at. The last three
months haven't it certainly hasn't done
a lot over the past year. Do you think
it's done better than fixed income? It's
done meaningfully better than fixed
income and it's done much better than
fixed income even this year even if it's
as it's underperformed equities. We have
been using gold to divers diversify our
in portfolios against our bonds not
necessarily to say we're you know
supplementing our equities. It's meant
to be the balance that we're not getting
from long duration. And that was the
first introduction, you know, of this
trades I put into portfolios last year.
And uh we continue to add for this
reason. Bonds are not going to provide
um that kind of support and
diversification that they have in the
past. Look at what happened during the
geopolitical spike. Rates and yields
went up
>> um on the expectction expectation of
higher fiscal spend and higher
inflation. You didn't get the rates
down. um balance to the equity selloff.
So I think gold is going to be an
increasingly important part of the
portfolio. It doesn't need to put up a
20 or 30% return. It needs to outperform
what we would get in fixed income in
order for us to feel like it's doing its
job.
>> You mentioned gold and natural resources
as as those portfolio diversifiers here.
Is that also just kind of I mean given
what inflation is doing, the Iran war, I
mean those are all safe bets. You still
think
>> real world assets?
>> Real world assets, right?
>> Yeah. And some of them are going to have
some volatility, right? the real assets
and this kind of less correlated bucket
I think should be a more important part
of portfolios than it has been in the
last couple years. And just full
disclosure on the gold side, I have not
always been a gold bug. I mean, there's
been plenty of times where I've said
like it has no yield, it has no
earnings, like what am I going to do
with it? But that wasn't a different
fixed income regime. And so, you know,
I' I've really warmed to it. In fact,
I'm quite in love with it at the moment
because of what it's been able to do
that that long duration hasn't been able
to do. I mean there was a notion that
all this I mean tying it back to AI that
all this this buildout I mean 800
billion just from the hyperscalers that
capex is fueling inflation.
>> Yeah.
>> And the only way to hedge against
inflation is go back into the stock
market. Do you do you buy into that just
overall it it's it's a bit
>> it feels circular circular and dumb to
me that that thesis but
>> well equities tend to you know um hold
their value much better in inflationary
periods. I mean that's that's the case
and it and we also are having some
decoupling from the economic sensitivity
in these equity markets that we've had
in the past. So it makes me a little bit
less concerned. I understand though that
sentiment is not as um not as excited as
it could be because people have very
concentrated position in these themes.
Um they've now watched these companies
outperform for a long time. That's why
perhaps a couple of the chips companies
are backing off a little bit. People are
looking to consolidate their exposures.
Um, and I think maybe we'll be in a bit
of a trading range in the near term,
like bouncing around that trading range
as we digest some of the inflation data,
as we take a look at whether or not some
of the macro impact of higher oil prices
and the secondary and tertiary impacts
of that, um, feed through into
consumers. And so, uh, a bit of
digestion, but I do think equities end
the year higher.
>> Wow. Okay. Well, we'll have more with
with Kate Moore, who will be rejoining
us in a couple of minutes, CIO there at
City Wealth. Uh, we haven't talked about
EM. I think we'll get into that in a
moment here. Speaking of EM, okay, here
we go. Uh, one of the, uh, most unloved
assets and currencies is the Philippine
peso here on the back of this inflation
spike, oil spike, and you know, they've
been in a tightening bias and we now
understand
that the central bank is said to be
considering uh, signaling this possible
rate hike and as you can see that the
peso is reacting to that.
>> Yeah, we were talking about this, right?
if they need to do some sort of
emergency hike off
>> cycle just given the inflation prints
that we've seen from the Philippines,
Southeast Asia certainly and what what's
been going on with the currencies,
right? Look what happened with Bank
Indonesia this week with that superers
size hike. Uh and people are thinking
that this not might just be some sort of
loan uh situation that there might have
to be some sort of tightening bias or at
least some sort of tightening cycle
ahead as we deal still of the the
fallout from this Iran war. So certainly
uh Philippines is still front and center
in that sort of discussion here. We're
counting down the open of trade in
Shanghai, Shenzhen and Hong Kong on this
Friday here. And we are continuing to
see some upside when it comes to Korea.
The CAD continues to be flying here this
morning. A50 futures uh punching
massively higher. We're up 810 of 1%.
This is the China show.
All right. Uh, North Asia doing this
once again and it looks like to be a
happy Friday if you are a long tech
bull. You take a look when it comes to
TSMC and really that has been lifting
the Taiwan. But it's not just a TSMC
story, right? There's other sort of AI
plays within Taiwan that is also lifting
the TX up more one and a half% here
today. It's not so much the Cosby here
today really. It's the cause Dave that's
doing a lot of the the price action
here. were up close to 5% there on that
gauge.
>> Yeah, I've given up. I forget the days
when it acted like a normal stock.
>> Well, there was news, right? There was
this governmentled tech fund that
launched. So maybe that's why.
>> There we go. Okay. Um what are we doing
now in Korea? Up what? 90% this year. I
don't know that that's a number out of
my track. Random, but that's you know,
>> we're probably in the ballpark uh of
that. Joining us still is Kate Moore, uh
CIO of City Well. Still with us here on
set. We talked about US markets. Mhm.
>> It's hard not to talk about Korea.
You're in the region.
>> Yeah.
>> It's hard not to be tempted with the
gains we're seeing there.
>> Mhm.
>> But it's not acting like a normal stock
market. What's the What What's your
advice to city clients?
>> You mean because it's on a rocket ship?
Is that why it's not normal?
>> Well, it's gone six. I mean, you get 20%
up days, you get 6% drops, and it's up
25% the next day.
>> No, for sure. Um, so we've been
overweight Korea actually since kind of
the beginning of last year. And in
December, we did a little bit of a a
maintenance trim, if you will, because
of the strong outperformance. We did a
little bit of rotation in some of our
exposure and of course now we have, you
know, we booked those profits and we now
have a lot more kind of on our on our
tape.
>> Here's what I'll say. It's very hard
just like with the US large cap kind of
mega cap tech companies to stand away or
to to not participate in what's
happening in you know the Asian region
around tech and stuff as well. And we
really like this kind of parallel um you
know uh exposures where we take US
exposures and then Asian exposures to
get full exposure to the overall theme.
I think people who are especially US
investors who are only comfortable
owning the US names or the domestically
listed names are missing out on what is
going to be some of the most powerful
parts of the story, not just TSMC and
and stuff that's happening in the cost.
So
>> you said roughly 10% of year-to- date US
equity gains have come from earnings
growth.
>> Yeah. Is that the same in in the Asia
space too when you look at how earnings
are doing here in this part of the world
>> particularly for Korea and Taiwan? Yeah,
that's been very much driven. And this
is something we're so focused on and get
very obsessed with because last year in
particular, something that drove me nuts
was everyone's excited about European
returns. But almost all of that, like
95% of that came from multiple
expansion, not from earnings. And then
you had a little bit from currency. And
so, you know, we said in the case of
Europe, uh Europe was going to need to
grow into its multiple earnings. are
going to have to follow through. When
earnings are the largest driver of the
returns like we're seeing in the US or
in parts of EM Asia, we feel more
comfortable staying long, especially if
our confidence level in future earnings
is higher than the market. You know, one
of the things I've talked a lot about,
many of us have been equity analysts in
the past and had to put out forecasts,
is that, you know, analysts have become
more and more conservative with their
earnings estimates. They kind of listen
to what the company says and then
there's a very narrow band around that
estimate that they offer up. But you
guys know this as well as I do,
companies don't offer up guidance that
they don't think they can beat. Right.
>> Right. There's so much penalty for not
beating. So the numbers that companies
put out are by nature conservative and
so analysts are reflecting that. So when
we get talking about kind of PE and what
valuations are and we're thinking about
forward numbers um I think we're under
accounting and underexpecting what the
earnings uh force might look like.
>> I mean let's let's look at Samsung as an
example right they almost doubled what
they said they were going to do. Yeah.
analysts were obviously lowballing that
because of the guidance and what you get
is to your point you get massive well I
don't know have you ever seen multiple
contraction of this magnitude before
like where the market is cheaper than it
was 200% rally back yeah like I don't
know what to do with that information
>> no I mean it's it's super interesting
because this has happened kind of
globally driven by the US and by Asia
not by Europe for example but you know
we've actually had multiple contraction
across the board um because of stronger
earnings you know when we started this
it looked like valuations for global
equities were in kind of the 98th
percentile on a 15-year look back. Like
super expensive, if that's something you
fixate on. Um, but now it's actually
kind of come down because of the strong
earnings growth and because estimates
continue to come higher. The interesting
thing here is that that's not been the
case in credit where it's still at the
very top end of its historic range. So
equities are are showing up.
>> You're also overweight China. Yes. um
tell us how so because offshore markets
have not participated in this sort of
rally.
>> It's not been the biggest contributor to
our returns to be honest, but we have
confidence that they're very strong
Chinese names that we should be playing
um as we get excited about the future of
AI and technology. And look, we're
watching for any signs around um pickup
in economic growth or pick up in
consumer sentiment in China. Um some
people were trying to sell me earlier
this week on some sales volumes in
fourth year cities. maybe, but I don't
know if that's going to be enough. Um,
we would like to see kind of a a kind of
more stable consumer um, you know, set
of sectors and behavior in addition to
the technology-led stuff. But again,
combined with our exposure to Korea and
Taiwan, we think it's really important
not just to be in the US, but to also
have the exposure here.
>> I wonder throughout your trip, what was
the most what idea you felt was most
receptive in terms of what you wanted to
impart? And
>> yeah,
>> equally the opposite. What did you take
away from this trip in terms of I don't
know orientation, home buyers or what
have you?
>> Well, there were a couple things that
didn't happen on the trip. I would say
people were less uh nervous about the US
dollar than they have been in like, you
know, recent visits. There was kind of
more the understanding that we may be
kind of rangebound in the dollar and
they didn't need to do anything
aggressive in terms of their dollar
exposures. What I will say I I got a lot
of reception for was our expectation
that rates are trending higher and that
are not going to be as we were talking
about a moment ago that balanced in
portfolios. So a lot more talk about the
diversifiers things like infrastructure
which can be like bondlike over the long
term uh gold of course and then the
natural resources. Um, and then I would
also say that there was a lot of
question around, you know, what will the
Fed do if inflation remains really warm,
uh, and Kevin Worsh taking over as
chair, um,
>> seemed to imply that he had a, um, you
know, a a a cutting bias. Will he be
able to hold that? and lots of questions
from our clients across the board from
institutional clients to individual like
will that pose a problem over the long
term if the US doesn't adjust policy
based on the data.
>> Kate, it's great to have you in the
region.
>> Thank you so much for having me.
>> Kate Moore, CIO of City Wealth, joining
us here in our Hong Kong studios. Uh
when it comes to what we're looking at,
the pre-market is looking pretty good
when it comes to the hang here today.
We're up about 1%. A50 futures are also
punching higher here. Uh we're up about
3/4 of 1% here today and we are back
below 680 levels for dollar China.
Plenty more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
Uh we're coming off a
a challenging Thursday when you look at
Chinese tech, more so the platforms.
Hanging tech really had a bad day
yesterday. That continued well overnight
with K web. It's looking like we'll be
reversing some of that today. Uh we'll
see how much of that goes into what the
week will look like. Currently, we are
still on track for the worst week since
the start of the uh the Iran war. Uh we
get some pricing coming through here. Uh
that's according to the information on
the HKX website. to Beijing deep deep
zero uh tech is scheduled to price
today. IMAX China on the back of the
journal reports that perhaps it's IMAX
is is is I believe for sale I think is
the headline. Uh Lenovo was out with the
earnings and of course the other
benchmarks and I think we have a series
of bond sales. Uh apart from that this
index review too is something to
consider.
>> Yeah. So certainly that's the what what
could be on there right and some of
these new AI pure plays are certainly
front and center here today this time
around. And what does that mean, right?
If they get included, you know, could be
billion dollars of inflows for some of
these companies uh southbound. So, take
a look when it comes to what the Hang is
doing here today. And you are seeing uh
pretty upsized gains here. We're up
about 1%. HST is is recovering after
that late day declines that we saw
yesterday. We're up one and a half%. So,
earnings is is definitely front and
center. Net ease. So, we did see the
ADRs close, but the the the H shares
were actually at a premium. So, that's
why you actually are seeing a bit of
upside here today. Um but you know when
it came to the results revenue and gross
profit did beat estimates. Uh but
analysts were a little bit worried about
the unexiting game pipeline. We'll flush
that out a little bit. But NEO there you
go. You take a look at that and uh there
was a smaller than expected loss as
sales nearly doubled. So a bit more in
terms of the the guidance was a little
bit better. Lenovo uh this is an
interesting one right it's the best
outperformer within uh China right and
and this whole kind of AI prospects and
the like is really helping the company
here and when it comes to infrastructure
and services and really offsetting you
know all the PC sort of concerns uh in
the market here right now we got the
open coming up next this is Bloomberg
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show counting down to the open of the
Friday session. We're looking at a
bounce across both markets. Asia is up
7/10 of 1% on at least the contract.
Hanging is up, but we've been stuck in
this extremely tight range of about 25
to about top end of 26 uh 1% to the
upside. 256 right now, 25600 to be more
specific on a hanging and it went into
the open uh today.
>> Yeah, we're taking a look when it comes
to the hanging and and it looks like
even with futures are pointing higher
here today. So, after what we talked
about, AS Tech was set for the worst
week since this war began, looks like
things are ending on a somewhat more
positive note. When you take a look at
what it comes to, what's driving it,
it's the chip space. I mean, we take a
look at the oil side of things as well.
Now, oil is cooling down because of
some, I guess you could say, progress
made on the US and Iran situation here
as well. So, talks about how how the US
is bridging some of the gaps between in
the in this proposed deal. Uh, also the
talk of permanent tolls on the straight
of Hermuz was enough to kind of cool
down energy markets as well. So, that's
really adding to risk sentiment here
today. CSI 300 is punching 9/10en of 1%
to the higher side. Uh Shenzhen is also
doing quite well. We're up 1% uh there.
Uh Shanghai crew, there you go. You are
seeing things cooler a little bit here.
The consumption names aren't doing too
much, but you know, we take a look at
when it comes to chips, that continues
to be the same up arrow story. Cabricant
tech is up 8/10 of 1%. CL as well. Uh
the the battery and green energy space
continues to outperform. And there you
go. Hong Kong looking like a lot of
green on the screen here with the
exception of Mtoan, but HS Tech is
nursing some of the wounds from
yesterday. Here we're up 1 and a.5%. Uh
Hangen is also up by about 2/3. Uh it's
interesting to note, you know, when it
came to earnings, there were some pretty
good ones to kind of flesh through here.
Uh but we'll talk about chips first
because it seems like what we're seeing
from North Korea, what we're seeing from
Taiwan, uh and this is what we're seeing
when it comes to the chip space uh in
China as well. There you go. Things
looking pretty good uh when it comes to
the picks and shovels here as well. SMIC
is up some four. Uh you take a look at
when it comes to Giga Device as well up
some four here this morning. Uh Sujo
Maxwell, this is an interesting one. So
there was a report uh overnight from the
New York Times talking about how China
uh is said to have blocked Sujo Maxwell
shipments uh to Tesla. We did see some
of these solar stocks in the US react
pretty negative negatively to that. Uh
we are seeing here not much movement in
the stock for Sujo Maxwell at least here
today. Uh but just good to talk about
earnings right because that could be
driving as K Moore said from CIO of city
wealth. What's driving a lot of the
equity gains not just in the US but also
in Asia is what we're seeing in this
whole AI earnings picture here. When you
look at Lenovo look at that 7% gains
there. Uh City has a pretty interesting
note. They're saying AI related revenues
reached 38% of the group total. That's
growing 84% year-on-year. So AI is
becoming a bigger structural driver
behind uh the outperformance there for
the company. Net ease uh you know when
it came to the ADRs it was a different
sort of picture here but it seems like
you know they did actually uh earnings
were okay. They did actually meet
estimates there I believe. Um but there
was a little bit of pessimism around the
pipeline for gains uh from the sell
side. Neo as well smaller than expected
uh sort of loss there as we start to see
sales from the car maker are doubling
here as well. So certainly the EV sector
continues to look pretty strong here
today on those earnings Dave.
>> Okay. So with these gains with Lenovo at
14 bucks. So that is the first time that
Lenovo is trading at that level in 26
years. The 7% gain so far has been
enough uh to take the share price above
the peak. It took us 11 years to get to
these levels and we're now above the
2015 peak. Let's get a 20-year chart in
please to give us our viewers a sense
really of what that looks like here uh
for us to get back to these levels as
far as Lenovo is concerned. And we are
now trading at the highest level here in
26 years on the back of these earnings
that have come through uh so far. Okay,
let's get more uh on the earnings coming
through here and what this means really
for the broader conversation around
hardware. Is memory still a problem?
Memory was a problem for the for the
company. Uh let's bring in Denting 2,
our managing editor for Asia Equities.
uh put this Lenovo
uh results into context for us uh
Genting.
>> Yeah, you completely spot on. Memory was
a concern, but now the focus has
completely shifted to AI and the company
did deliver a very solid set of numbers.
Revenue overall for the group was up 27%
to 22 billion in the fiscal fourth
quarter, beating expectations. And AI
related revenue, as Ivon mentioned,
jumped 84% on year. net income guess
what jumped 500% almost on year uh the
AI server and storage business uh that
is a key business that investors were
watching for and that delivered a record
quarterly um result uh revenue in terms
of revenue. So those were very strong
set of numbers compared with what we saw
with other Chinese tech giants such as
Tencent and Alibaba. And yeah, there is
a huge rerating story going on when it
comes to Lenovo, which is more well
known as a PC maker. Uh investors now
see it more like an AI infrastructure
proxy. That explains why the stock has
rallied 45% this year. That was before
today, making it the best performer on
the HSCI. Um, so yeah, it's uh it's
basically quite quite a bullish rerating
uh story that's still going on.
>> Yeah, it's interesting that this is now
an AI services play versus a PC one. Why
do you think this Lenovo story stands
out to you compared with other sort of
Hong Kong tech stocks?
>> Yeah. What makes Yeah. Lenovo
interesting, as you said, is now
investors see it as more of a direct
infrastructure play on AI and it's
listed in Hong Kong, so it's a free
capital market. everybody can buy and uh
yeah the main driver for this is really
its service business uh and its latest
result really reinforced that view as
well. A lot of Hong Kong listed tech
firms are dealing with slower growth
vious competition uh and heavy AI
spending that is hurting their profits
and that is one reason the broader
Hansen tech index has been struggling
this year down 14%. But Lenovo is
benefiting from a different dynamic
instead of just spending on AI. It's
actually helping supply the hardware
behind the AI boom and its AI server
business as talked about before has
become the main story. The latest result
showed that business delivered growth of
37% and that gave investors confidence
that Lenovo uh could become a much
bigger play in the enterprise AI
infrastructure space. But the big
question now is whether the AIdriven
momentum is sustainable that that
applies to many other sort of hardware
play as well. Um so yeah that that there
is also another question on whether the
demand cools once the current wave of AI
spending starts to slow down.
>> Okay. U yeah the server story is getting
interesting. Speaking of can we just
pivot to TSMC Leanting? I mean it was
really seen as the go-to AI stock in
Asia. I guess in some large way still is
really uh but why are investors now
looking I guess beyond uh you know the
these traditional AI bets.
>> Yeah. Now TSMC has been uh the most
clear AI proxy for investors globally uh
looking at the hardware space. Uh right
now there are many other sort of
exciting themes going on as we
transition from the AI um uh training
phase which requires a lot of top- end
GPUs to the inference phase which is
basically a phase where AI tools are
being adopted and used in daily lives by
businesses and consumers. And that
inference phase actually requires a lot
more suppliers and that includes chip
packaging, chip cooling, power
management, um and so so on and so
forth. Uh that's why investors are
looking more broadly at other winners of
AI in in this AI space. One more
limitation though um for TSMC's further
upside is the limits on how um mutual
funds can hold uh in a single stock.
many active funds actually have a limit
on that and just because TSMC now
accounts for or has more than 40%
waiting in the Taiwan benchmark index
that means uh many funds just cannot
simply keep adding to that. So that's
why they're also looking at other uh
opportunity sets in that AI space.
>> Uh so what does this mean for TSMC? Does
it mean investors are turning negative
on the on on stock now?
Yeah, it's not really turning negative
but it's more uh about how investors and
it also is very telling about how the
broader AI story is entering sort of the
broader second phase as mentioned the
inference stage also means uh adoption
of AI so people are looking at you know
physical AI robotics themes again on all
these granular supply chain components
uh for the chip sector uh so if you look
at uh media IAT tech that is a chip
designer uh and has partnership with
Nvidia and Google and that stock has
done much better I think up about 150%
year to date versus TSMC which was about
uh up about 40%. It does not mean TSMC
is performing badly. It's more about how
people are looking out for other
opportunity sets.
>> Nan uh thank you so much too there our
managing editor for Asia Equities
joining us out of Singapore. Of course,
uh we're going to get a more intake and
really a more outlook here when it comes
to Lenovo later on on Bloomberg Tech
with the CFO Winston Chang. That's
coming up at 11:00 p.m. Hong Kong time,
11:00 a.m. if you're watching in New
York.
>> Okay. Uh an emerging story is um
possibly um and it's looking more and
more possible with the commentary coming
through out of the Bank of Central uh
Filipinas. Uh an off cycle rate hike
could be on the cards based on the
guidance that the governor himself has
given to local reports and now he's
talking to uh uh local media talking
about how it they actually risk being
behind the curve when it comes to
tightening policy on the back of
inflationary pressures. Yeah, you're
starting to see the Philippine peso
reacting just a little bit to that uh
you know inching just slightly higher
here as uh they this this talk of them
possibly considering a hike. Uh you you
put that against what Southeast Asian
central banks have done this week,
right? I think you know you wonder what
they've been talking to the Indonesians
after Bank Indonesia surprised the
market with that 50 basis point hike to
try to rescue uh the the rupia, right?
It seems like you're starting to see
that central banks are are maybe perhaps
exhausted when it comes to some of these
non-conventional measures and trying to
rescue their currencies and heading back
to some of the traditional sort of
toolkits there.
>> And I think the the next the next board
meeting uh on the monetary front I think
is in about about a month from now. So
that's that's a bit of a long time of
course to wait. Anyway, uh we'll see
what happens there. We'll keep you
updated once we have more information
what's going on there. Coming up here on
shows uh Chinese tech to pivot back to
that topic. Author and founder of
Silicon Dragon Ventures Rebecca Fannon
joins us to discuss the challenges
facing the tech sector as innovation
accelerates like this robot on your
screens despite there we go some of the
bumps along the way. This is Bloomberg.
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show. China's completing or attempting
to complete this self-reliance tech
puzzle and it's putting a lot of moves
in place. Certainly a key part to the
latest 5-year plan is really that
endeavor with this focus really on
sectors as you can see here chips uh AI
and also manufacturing. Now absolute
tech self-reliance has always certainly
been a top priority for officials there.
Now interesting I think you we showed
you this chart about a few weeks back.
Uh Morgan Stanley's projected so how
much do we need from outside and how
much will we need from the outside in 5
years time? self-sufficiency ratio has
gone from almost absolutely nothing to
almost everything is where they project
that to be in 5 years time. from under
10% to about 80 plus percent 5 years
from today. While US export bands of
course mean China cannot produce the
cutting edge most cutting edge
components it's certainly been gaining
dominance almost everywhere else uh
which then tends to use for older
technology legacy chips for example
that's really been seen as far as how
markets have moved what's outperformed
what hasn't uh in fact when you look at
uh the specific tech benchmarks that
have outperformed the NASDAQ for example
it's been the star 50 and the China
index both of which house some of these
new AI by darlings of the market. Ivon
>> and our next guest is really the perfect
one to talk about really the tech
innovations that we've seen in China.
Joining us now is Rebecca Fanning,
founder of media and events platform
Silicon Dragon Ventures. She's also the
author of five books. Her latest one
focuses on the new tech titans of China.
Rebecca, it's great to have you on the
program. Uh it's a longer title as well.
I want to kind of flesh it out, right?
It's how China's tech sector is
challenging the world by innovating
faster, working harder, and going
global. Out of those three dimensions,
can you can you walk us through where
China has made the progress and and
where work still remains?
>> Well, I think today we're seeing
innovation under pressure in the world's
most ambitious economy and the subtitle
of my new book, it reflects that
thought. Uh so I think uh what we're
seeing is venture capital um backsliding
in China where it used to be almost
equivalent to the US and Silicon
Valley's lead but now there's a huge
separation. So venture capital has
definitely slowed down. Um the
innovation culture I would say is still
alive well. So many new startups, so
many new types of technologies such as
AI that really wasn't all that um on the
scene uh say 5 years ago and humanoid
robots is another area. Um batteries and
drones and robotics uh all of these kind
of industrial tech is really booming in
China and the supply chain feeds into
that. uh China has gotten very very
strong in these areas. Um and uh the US
I think continues to leave lead in
innovation the edge of innovation
inventiveness
um but I think China is getting ahead in
commercializing many of these new
innovations. So yeah it's a it's a very
big um race actually I would say between
these two superpowers. It's really
between US and China. They're the two
world's separ superpowers
>> and this brings up this the concept of
you know tokenization and broader I mean
broadly between the two right which AI
model eventually you think wins out in
other words which AI model does more the
bigger part of the world adopt is it the
US model or the Chinese model
>> well I think with Agentic AI and how
it's applied uh to industry ries. I
think uh China can have a real advantage
in that um in that uh it's getting
applied in industries very fast in
factories very fast um in other areas as
well such as um uh healthc care um China
this agentic AI the way AI is applied I
think is a real advantage that China can
have also with opensource software which
China has excelled at in AI we saw the
deepseek moment where it surprised a
Silicon Valley that China could innovate
in the AI space and it definitely can.
So the open- source movement has gotten
much stronger and I think that's an area
that uh China can dominate in AI. So
yeah, it's it's also a race. Uh I think
China is behind the US um by at least 6
months uh but catching up
>> in terms of self-sufficiency.
we we're showing some some you know sort
of gauges of how close China is from
reducing the reliance uh when it comes
to the semiconductor side of things. How
how close do you think we are in terms
of the semiconductor space in achieving
that self-sufficiency now?
>> Well, very interesting. This is one of
the areas of tension and we saw that
Nvidia chips uh we uh allowed them to be
exported to China but then China said
well uh we're going to want we want to
rely on our own chips our Huawei chips.
So this is playing out now where China
wants to become much more self-reliant
and it's u supporting its own tech
champions in a big way. Uh we've seen
this play out in other fields as well,
but I think chips is a great example of
where Nvidia is saying basically, okay,
well, we're conceding the uh this area
of the market to China because uh we we
can't get in now. They don't they
actually uh don't want us now.
>> Interesting. Okay. So your your book
profiles companies we need to be
watching, Chinese companies we need to
be watching specifically.
>> Yes.
>> Give us give us three and you know very
briefly tell us why.
Uh well I would say in the humanoid
robot space uh unitry uh has a nice lead
uh and uh it is competing with uh world
uh world companies and uh the technology
behind unitry is amazing um what they've
been able to do and the improvements
they've been able to make in even just
one year. So I would say Unitry is one
of them. Of course BYD in the electric
vehicle space. Um another uh huge
innovator with um supply chain advantage
behind it. Um of course they cannot come
into the US at the moment. Uh whether
that will change, we'll see. Uh I don't
see it in the immediate future. Uh but
it could happen. But but I think uh BYD
for sure. And then in batteries, um,
another huge area where China dominates,
um, and that would be CL. CL has even
supplied Ford and GM. Um, it's the
world's dominant battery maker. You just
seeing this across the line where China
is dominating in these big sectors of
batteries, of robotics, uh, electric
vehicles. And, you know, I think, um,
we're going to continue to see this play
out. I think China will get stronger in
those areas because of the supply global
advantage.
>> Yeah. And as they go global, do you see
I mean we've seen some barriers, right?
Look what happened to Huawei. You know,
do you see these companies becoming
really truly global brands, you know,
while avoiding the fate of Huawei? How
do they navigate through some of the
geopolitical tensions there? Well, there
are certainly sensitive sectors um and
the US is avoiding them, avoiding
investing in them and avoiding uh doing
business in those areas. Same thing with
China. So, I I think uh this sensit
these sensitive sectors um uh I think
China's going to go on its own uh and
the western world will go on its own. I
don't think there's going to be a lot of
um uh cooperation in those areas.
There's uh there's too many dual use
issues of commercial and military use or
so-called dual use.
>> Rebecca, uh we need to leave it there,
but I guess we can fill in our blanks by
by getting the book, I guess. Rebecca
Fannon, thank you so much. Journalist
and author there and also the founder of
Silicon Dragon uh Ventures. Uh just very
briefly, uh while we were having the
conversation, Lenovo's continued its
gains in the share price and we are now
flirting with record highs. We're up 12%
now. Uh pairing back a little bit, 10
and a half%. And as you can see over a
30-year horizon, we are just about
there. Back to the highest level since
what was that? 2000s. Lots more ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
All right, check the markets here. Right
now, we're focusing of course on this
HSI review happening later on today. Uh
some contenders that could be part of it
are some names that you probably know
and we talk about a lot on the show.
Miniaax, Jupu, you look at the biotech
space as well. So B1 medicines, Aeso are
some of the candidates possibly that
could be added here. But yeah, the fact
that they're we're adding some of these
AI pure plays, I think is quite it could
be pretty significant really.
>> It's it's reflective of what happened I
think a few years back when then the new
economy stocks were sort of coming into
the index and making space for for the
likes of not Tencent. Tenscent was an
OG, but some of the other ones like
GD.com back then, right? And it's
indicative of the new wave. The new
generation is is is coming. How quickly
time flies.
>> Makes me sad now thinking about what I'm
going to do on the weekend at home. Low
energy looking at these gym selfies that
are going to overpop populate my feed.
Okay, there's the rant for the day.
>> There's your midlife crisis there. Take
a look when it comes to Lenovo. Uh no
midlife crisis there. Take a look when
it comes to the stock. Uh on the back of
these earnings, right? you know this it
seems like the the stock itself is is
reached some sort of inflection point
where you're seeing this starting to see
AI infrastructure AI services and really
what the growth that they're seeing from
that side of the business really kind of
throw away all the concerns about PC
slow down Dave AI services trade now
>> it is it is and you know even they're
still paying a lot for memory they're
managing to bump up their margins based
on the other business that you were
talking about there u interesting
conversation this we'll have more ahead
this is Bloomberg
Welcome back to the China Show. Here's a
look at the CSI 300 a half hour into the
session. Yeah, that that's not very
interesting, I'll tell you. The rest of
the markets though seem to be some sort
of fire that's been lit now uh and
you're starting to see this whole AI
tech trade uh go off again. But really
it's not it's not the typical sort of
names that we're talking about, right?
Like when we talk about Lenovo as an AI
stock, but here and now we're seeing it
now here today.
>> Yeah. A maker of what used to be very
unimaginative
>> PCs
>> PCs, right? the the all black with that
with that little red dot the red dot as
a bouse and
>> and how things have and I think it
brings up a really good broader more
important point that city wealth
mentioned earlier on right that the more
and more that AI is adopted more and
more of nonAI sectors will be folded
under that broader AI theme you're just
getting forced into concentration
whether that's the physical commodity
market real world applications users of
AI hyperscalers There is and the more it
gets used the bigger part of her port
portfolio is just I guess in some ways
tied to a singular structural theme I
should point out too
>> and it's interesting I actually we spoke
with Winston Shang from Lenovo the CFO
just weeks ago um in a round table
discussion I asked him that very
question right are we at that point that
inflection point
>> where AI and all that you're doing there
is going to offset all these questions
about memory chips and and PCs and
slowdown and whatnot he goes he said it
we're already there we're already seeing
it here right now you're seeing that in
in this set of results now.
>> Yeah, even before this, right, the stock
was already the best performing stock on
the Hanks and China gauge and even more
so now. Uh you've seen it play out
across some of the other stocks. I think
let's show the please if we can, you
know, quantum computing stocks which
we'll we'll talk about in in more detail
in a moment here with Anthony who's
joining us in a couple of minutes here.
But those stocks are flying number one.
Um have a look at where we are on
benchmarks too as we wrap up the week
with the Cosby. I think last I checked
was up. It's the cause though that's
really seeing uh the punch here gains.
Yeah, we are still up half of 1%. In the
FX markets, the big story that has
emerged and I would imagine this also
had somewhat to do with that surprise
big hike from the Indonesians is the
Philippines is now looking and floating
in I guess not so secretive ways, the
possibility of an off cycle.
>> Yeah, some of the comments from the
central bank governor to local media
seem to be like they're behind the
curve. And I think they got the signals
from Bank Indonesia this week that you
know if if BI can go 50 maybe they need
to kind of follow suit just given know
those two currencies have gone through
basically the same trajectories in the
last couple weeks.
>> Yeah. Okay. Um we can't wait. June 18th
is the I believe the next meeting uh on
the Baptist tri. Okay. Let's let's get
more into market story and bring in a
market report. Anthony Stevens is here
with us. Why don't we start with tech
and where your mind is at in terms of
just broading out.
>> Yeah. So we've had a second day of the
same same theme, right? like macro
stability equals tech rotation and in a
really big way. So Lenovo basically
picked up from where Jensen Hang left
off. He was talking about CPU demand
driven by agentic AI. That's exactly
what Lenovo is talking about and you're
starting to see that in Taiwan in a very
big way. Taiwan at the index level is up
about 50 bips. But underneath that, it's
the second consecutive day of very big
gains for CPU names. Then we have this
quantum computing theme come up as well
because of Trump's investments in US
quantum computing. Please don't ask me
what quantum computing does. I have no
idea. But there is a lot of niche
players in Asia that are up 20% as well.
So this is again we we come back to this
thing of every time somebody plays deep
tech and and global politics calms down,
you get paid off for that deep tech
focus, right? And so this confidence
just keeps building in Asian markets
that is offsetting some of the very real
macro concerns Asian markets have. So
yeah, you you touched on the Philippines
and Indonesia, but Korea is as bad to be
honest, right? It's one of those weird
markets where it's the best performing
Asian equity market, global equity
market, and it's the worst performing
bond market on the planet. That is not
something that not many people
recognize, but recently the Korean
government has finally swung around to
talking about that. And they're scaling
back their bond issuance plans in June.
>> And yeah, I mean, and this is it's
different for them because they also are
dealing with a stronger economy. Just
look at the export data that came out
from Korea this week. What was what was
that kuruffle that they started last
week with the idea of
>> AI
>> an AI dividend right to to bridge the
gap between
>> and they followed up a little bit on
that uh they're talking about it now of
excess uh excess tax revenue rather than
taking it from companies which freaked
everybody out they're taking it out of
their own money the government's money
to repay people so this is something
that I think is going to become a theme
as this rally hardens like it cannot the
benefits of these gains cannot just go
to stockholders and corporates they have
to be broadened out especially given
what inflation is doing.
>> You mentioned about the macro risks.
Oil has been just kind of on a wild
session overall. Does does that matter
at all at this point?
>> As long as oil does not cross 110, it
seems like equity volatility is very
restrained. You saw Vick's futures
plunge again 2%. Right. I want to kind
of raise a very strange uh kind of left
field concern. MS is on the tapes
talking about how Zoo's software is
going to bring down capex. This is
something that we need to start paying
attention to as the Chinese innovate on
the software side to bring down their
disadvantage on capex. So if you do see
a Chinese model get more efficient in
using memory, in using optical, in using
servers, then we can start to see a
moderation in this unhinged kind of
capex expectations.
>> Yeah. And most data points point to them
being able to do that actually. Uh but
yeah, we'll see. We'll see where that
story goes. Anthony, fantastic. Thank
you so much, Anthony Stevens to our
markets, our markets reported. We we we
touched on oil uh just now there. In
fact, let's get to our other one of our
other top stories too. Uh and the big
swing that we had in oil prices
overnight going into this morning today.
So, you have Iran talking about well
talking about specifically about the
latest peace plan from the US party
bridging the gap between the two sides.
But comments from this it supreme leader
about tyran's nuclear stockpile along
with a dispute uh over tools in the
straight of Hormuz are clouding the
outlook for a breakthrough.
We want it open. We want it free. We
don't want tolls. Uh it's international.
It's an international waterway. They're
not charging tolls. Uh right now there
hasn't been a ship that's been able to
get through without our approval. And uh
the Navy has done an amazing job. And uh
no ship is going to Iran, as you know.
No ship is going to or out of Iran
without our approval.
For more spring in our deputy managing
editor, Balage Pens, joining us now. Um,
are we closer to a deal than yesterday?
>> Well, markets certainly seem to think
so. There's some optimism on that and we
heard some positive uh comments from
both sides. We heard from the Iranian
side that the US is some ways to
bridging that gap. Marco Rubio said that
he's seeing good signs. Uh, and there's
a bit of back and forth, but that's what
the negotiators negotiation is like.
It's often messy. Uh, now there are some
sticking points as there always have
been. It seems like the same sticking
points that we've been talking about
since this ceasefire started more than a
month ago. What happens to the uranium
in Iran and what happens to the straight
of Hormuz? The Iranians floated this
idea of a toll. Obviously, that's a
no-go for the US or at least right now
the US is saying that they don't want to
go for that. Uh but the good news is
that the two sides are talking and there
is some movement. There is some back and
forth happening. So I think that's what
you need to look at the signs of you
know are they still engaged are they
still kind of trading ideas trading
proposals that suggests that there is
some progress.
>> What what's next though?
>> So there are a few things to uh to to
keep an eye on. Uh obviously this sort
of uneasy ceasefire has been going on
for more than a month now. Uh and there
are a few ways this can go. President
Trump this week several times threatened
that he can go on and and do kind of
more forceful military action. So that's
certainly a possibility. Uh there's also
a possibility that that this kind of in
between state will continue. One person
uh to keep an eye on is uh Pakistani
field marshal Munir. Uh he's been
instrumental in these negotiations and
there have been reports that he might be
heading to Iran. If he does go, that
might suggest that there is something
that's close to what both sides want and
there may be an announcement coming
soon.
>> Balash, thank you. Balash Pens there
joining us on the latest when it comes
to Iran. Now, still ahead, uh, we got
the former US Council General and chief
of mission in Hong Kong and Macau, Kurt
Tong, joining us next discuss the reset
in relations between Washington and
Beijing as APEC trade ministers gather
in China. This is Bloomberg.
Well, APE trade ministers are meeting
and that really that summit that we're
seeing there in Sujo is getting underway
today in the eastern Chinese city. Let's
bring in Stephen Engel, our chief nor
Asia correspondent who's at the event
and joins us now. Steve, what's the
latest?
Well, obviously this is coming on the
heels of the last week summit between
Donald Trump and Xiinping uh to see how
the dialogue on regional trade will
progress over the course of this year as
China is the host of APEC this year and
this is really the first major
ministerial meeting of the APEC calendar
ahead of that November leader summit.
Obviously, it's going to be held in
Shenzhen this year. So, we wanted to
come here and kind of get a pulse check
of what is being discussed. No doubt the
situation has been complicated uh by the
backdrop of war in Iran and the supply
chain issues that that could possibly
cause the inflationary impact that has
on the price of oil and how these trade
dependent economies in the Asia Pacific
are coping with that. I mean it's not a
simple solution no doubt but that's
what's going to be discussed. But we're
looking at particular bilats that will
be of particular importance for this
part of the world, namely Akazawa, the
trade minister of Japan. Will he be able
to meet his counterpart of China, Wong
Wen Tao? There has not been ministerial
level dialogue between Japan and China
since those controversial comments made
by Prime Minister Taki in November just
after the last time Wong Wenta met
Akazawa
in APEC in South Korea. That was at the
end of October. So since November,
there's been a diplomatic freeze because
of Takiichi's comments about Taiwan that
really angered China. We have not
necessarily had ministertominister
dialogue. We're waiting to see if
Akazawa will get an audience with his
counterpart Wongwent Tao.
>> Steve, hold that thought. Let's bring
our next guest now. Joining us is Kurt
Tong, managing partner at the Asia
Group. He's also a former US Council
General and chief of mission in Hong
Kong and Macau. Ambassador Tong, thank
you so much for joining us here. Um,
yeah, we're we're seeing we're hearing
the birds chirping in Sujo where Steve
is, but you know, this is APEC meeting
is coming on the heels of this Trump
summit in Beijing. So the the timing is
quite perfect to talk about where things
stand. Where do you think we are in this
whole relationship with US and China
now? Have we made much progress since
the APEC meeting last year?
>> Well, sure. Well, I think significant
progress if the objective was to
reestablish stability in the
relationship. The meeting last October
at APEC was was extraordinarily
important, but last week's meeting even
more so. the the two sides agreed on
this rubric of constructive stability,
which really means that they're putting
a floor under how bad they are going to
allow the relationship to get in action
and reaction escalation cycles on policy
and also aiming to try to make some
measured improvements in the economic
relationship going forward. So, it was a
rather significant meeting. the the
commercial deliverables which many
people focused on were not overwhelming
but the but the the basic framework of
let's continue to improve the economic
relationship to the extent that we can
given politics was quite important.
Ambassador Tong, Steve Angel here in
Sujo. Um, how do we keep this
relationship from going pear-shaped to
use my colloquialisms? Uh, because
again, we've already heard from Scott
Besson, the Treasury Secretary, saying
uh that there's going to be launching
investigations on section 301 to
possibly uh resume tariffs of some sort
of some sizable sort uh by as early as
July. There's also these, you know,
comments from Donald Trump saying, you
know, Taiwan potentially is a bargaining
chip for the White House. that would
obviously uh anger not only those in
Taiwan but potentially in Beijing. How
do you how does this 36 hours in Beijing
last week prevent this relationship from
going off the rails?
>> Sure. So, let's pick it apart a little
bit on the tariff front. I think the US
and China already have a rough
understanding that the US is going to
use section 301 petitions to reestablish
roughly the same level of tariff levels
that existed before the Supreme Court uh
lowered them uh back in February. And
that that is understood by both sides
and I think it's basically priced into
the relationship. There may be some
negotiations on tariff reduction u off
of that uh level uh it through the board
of trade that that's going to be run by
ambassador Greer and Hulifang. So that's
tariffs on technology and critical
minerals. This is a key watch point.
Will the two sides continue to pull
their punches and not perform any really
deeply disruptive actions on limitations
of trade in these crucial sectors. I'm
confident that they will not that that
understanding between the two sides is
quite strong but it needs to be watched
very closely. The the other one you
mentioned and rightly so is the Taiwan
question. Clearly President Trump
doesn't like to follow the rules. There
are rules the the established practice
of USChina relations is to for the US
president for example not to talk to the
Taiwan president um not to discuss arm
sales with the Chinese president. But he
he he operates out in and out of the the
usual framework. I think that the basic
US policy is still the same of seeking
uh maintenance of the status quo and
don't expect any major disruptions. But
there's real risk of miscommunication
and misunderstanding
um due to the tactics of that issue and
I think people should watch that very
very closely.
>> Well, Ambassador, you're a veteran of
the diplomatic channels. uh what would
happen uh what would be your prediction
if Donald Trump he's unpredictable takes
a phone call from President Ling Du or
he does approve that pending arms
package fresh on the heels of that
high-profile day tant if you will in
Beijing.
Well, if you take the two together, the
phone call and the arms package,
uh, and President Trump both does the
phone call and signs the arms package,
then China is going to be very upset and
and believe that the understanding that
they reached in Beijing was being um
abridged or violated. that um would lead
to some very intense diplomatic dialogue
which would probably get them back on
track to maintaining the September 24th
target for the next summit meeting of of
the two presidents. But that frankly
would be the the the most um uh
disruptive action would be the
combination not just of doing the arm
sales but also of giving Taiwan
additional political face through the
phone call.
Taiwan is is largely I mean it it has
become more of a leverage I guess or a
bargaining chip for Trump ambassador. I
I wonder you know all the sort of
pillars of of what has in some ways uh
where they have found security or at
least some sort of comfort I would say
is is the manufacturing side and and
really the silicone shield as some have
called it.
>> Yeah. How sustainable do you think this
this silicon shield is?
>> I think it's extraordinarily important.
The um you know, President Trump,
everything for him is his style as
president, as a leader is very
transactional. And so people get into
this idea that he's treating Taiwan as a
bargaining chip. I think it's more
subtle than that and that there is
tactical considerations um incremental
steps that that are pro- Taiwan or
pro-China that that that Trump could
take, but they're all within a fairly
narrow range of maintaining the basic
policy of continuing the status quo
because the overriding concern for Trump
as well as for the China side is
stability. They both want stability.
They both want to avoid conflict. In
that context, the fact that Taiwan is
the most important manufacturing center
for indispensable items in the future
economy of AI and computing and
everything else is is extraordinarily
powerful because the the economic cost
of disrupting Taiwan's role in the
international economy is extraordinarily
high for China, for the United States,
for everybody else. The President Trump
has recently said that again that you
know Taiwan cheated its way to being um
extraordinarily successful in
semiconductor manufacturing. That almost
certainly is not true, but it shows that
he understands how important Taiwan is
and is a little bit jealous of its
capabilities.
>> Hey, ambassador, how important is this
board of trade that Jameson Greer, the
US trade representative, has talked
quite a bit about? uh he even confirmed
with our colleague Enri Hordddern in
Beijing that there's you know this pool
of $30 billion worth of product that
both sides sort of can agree on to
reduce tariffs in areas that are not uh
so sensitive with national security. Is
that a good idea so you can at least get
commercial relations back on track for
products that do not necessarily fall
into the more restricted category of
national security?
Yeah, it's a great idea. Um, there are
items which China produces that the US
wants to buy and the US doesn't produce
them, doesn't really have any prospect
of doing so. So, have charging a tariff
on those is basically a a form of
consumption tax on the American
consumer. So in reciprocal fashion,
bringing those tariffs down, bringing
down some US tariffs, bringing down some
Chinese tariffs, making it a a a one
hand on the other hand deal so it's
acceptable to both sides politically.
That's a great idea and hopefully it's
successful and I personally would like
to see a broad scope for uh for those
negotiations. Having those negotiations
in an organized fashion is also um quite
um significant in and of itself. It
creates structure for the relationship
and and leads to improved uh
communication. And you know, Ambassador
Purdue has been speaking out, US
ambassador to China uh Purdue has been
speaking out on this lately and really
stressing the point that communication
needs to be uh improved and that there
are win-win solutions that are out there
um if they can be done in an organized
fashion. But that the US view is that
process for process sake is not what
what the US wants. wants it to be
resultsoriented. I think China's
actually also come around to that view
and so I'm quite optimistic about this
board of trade actually.
>> What about a board of investment
ambassador uh this prospect of Chinese
companies deploying capital uh to the
US? We've seen that in in countries like
Japan and Korea making these massive
pledges in their commitments. You know h
how would that work in pro in practice?
You think
>> I think that's much more complicated.
the politics inside the United States
regarding Chinese investment in the US.
There's quite a great deal of suspicion
in Congress and in some not all but some
state and local governments about
Chinese investment in the United States
and Chinese investors sense that
situation. They're concerned about
political risk in the US. What I expect
to see is some discussion through the
board of investment of what are some
pilot projects perhaps or some specific
areas which would be clearly of benefit
to the United States, a benefit to China
where some technology transfer perhaps
joint ventures, some specific projects
that everyone can agree are a good thing
and not be suspicious about that those
could be concluded through the board of
investment. But it's going to be quite
complicated and uh I'm you know perhaps
we could look for a couple of test cases
being agreed on by September. Um perhaps
not. It's it's kind of a uh that's
something to watch for.
>> Ambassador, it's great to have you on
the program once again. That was
Ambassador Kurt Tong there, managing
partner at the Asia Group and our chief
North Asia correspondent Stephen Engel
joining us there out of Sujo. Thanks,
Steve. Of course, you can rewatch that
on the Bloomberg video hub. Make sure to
check it out at bloomberg.com/videos.
This is Bloomberg.
Right, welcome back. We're talking about
Lenovo. And funnily, I'm doing that
using an HP keyboard and a Samsung
monitor.
But yeah, this is the the PC maker
server business that is engulfing
uh market attention today. Shares are
up. So 15,000% is from 30 years ago.
It's up 14% as I speak uh at least last
I checked and it's that's that's been
enough to push the share price above two
recent highs 2015 and back of course in
the 2000s. So we are set uh for a record
if if things closed uh along these
lines. Uh interesting though is based on
the latest commentary that's come
through from analyst. It's just reported
earnings of course about a few hours
back. It'll need some time of course to
get us through. So as of about a few
minutes ago, it's still almost
overwhelming buy. You still have a
decent amount of holds. I expect this
perhaps to change over the next few
hours as sell side gets more uh in tune
uh into the earnings here. Uh just very
very briefly in terms of the rerating in
the stock. It's the best performing
stock even before today's rally on the
Hanging China this year. And this
rerating shows you everything you need
to know about how the the paradigm shift
that is the market is experiencing as it
pertains to the stock right now. We're
now trading at 13 times earnings. We
have the CFO is coming up of course on
Bloomberg TV later.
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
are heading uh to that lunch break in
just a moment and you are seeing a bit
of a risk rally here underway despite
the foggess that you're seeing uh in
Tokyo here this morning. We're up 2% for
the nicke uh and certainly we've been
tracking of course this whole AI trade
once again the chips are doing very well
across the region here. Dollar yen uh we
are still around 159 levels which is
still on the weaker side of things and
yields are ticking up albeit it has been
I guess you could say steady compared to
just a few days ago 278 for your 10-year
JGB Dave.
>> Yeah it helps that the inflation eased.
I think you had core inflation actually
coming in below expectations. I think
four year low is the headline on an
absolute basis 1.4% 4% was below, of
course, the average uh estimate out
there. So, I guess that's helping keep
macro at bay uh for now to for tech to
to rally. In fact, speaking of tech, uh
wow, check this out. Okay, check out how
DUPO is doing. We're up uh 21 uh%. This
is very very technical. Uh but Ivonne
can do that for you.
>> I'm just going to read it cuz I you
know, full disclosure, I don't know what
this means. Okay,
>> so talking about ZCube, this is an AI
networking architecture
designed to boost inference speed and
cut costs for large language models,
which according to Morgan Stanley is an
important technological innovation
because basically you're talking about
software that can actually reduce capex
in optical transceivers by as much as a
third according to Morgan Stanley there.
So that's why you're seeing the stuff
fly
>> this morning.
>> It's like some what some of our bosses
tell us every now and then.
>> Did I sell it? Did I sound like I know
you did?
>> You really did. That was really good
reading. That was really good reading.
Um, hats off of course to the analysts
at Morgan Stanley who tell us to do uh
more with less.
>> As Anthony said, we need we all need
engineering degrees at this point.
>> We do.
>> Just to learn about what's going on in
AI.
>> Okay. So, anyone tempted to do gym
selfies on the weekend, maybe that
that's an alternative for you to spend
your time on. Um, speaking of tech, uh,
let's let's okay, let's have a look at
this really good Bloomberg story. So
we've learned that remember this deal
Meta Madness uh well the company the
startup Madus is exploring options to
comply with Beijing's order to unwind
the takeover um by by Meta and the
options include raising quite a bit of
money from external investors to then
buy back the business. Lulu Chen um our
managing editor of course who oversees
this for us is this garbage for us has
the details on what we know so far and
what this latest plan is to reverse this
this deal.
>> Yeah. So the latest episode in the saga
is that Manis the founders are now
thinking of fundraising. The reason
reason behind this is they already gave
back all the money that M meta gave them
um to the GPS the venturers and the PES
that invested in them and some of that
money has even been given to the LPs
like the pensions and endowments that
invest in these funds. So in order to
buy back the company they now have to
fund raise about a billion. It matches
the shareholder structure. The founders
roughly owned half of the company and
the rest were external investors. So
they're hoping to fund raise from their
existing investors and then the
valuation would match what uh Meta paid
for them which is about $2 billion. Now
this is all happening because the
regulators um did something that is
really largely unheard of before which
is reversing such a major deal a global
deal
>> within a matter of months. Um so does it
make commercial sense you think? What
does it mean for other Chinese firms
now?
>> Yeah it's a really good question because
this company reversing this deal was
never uh a commercial um commercial
reasons were not the main incentive. It
really was uh China sending a message to
not only Manis but mostly other
startups. Stop the Singapore washing
route. Um this is not going to fly. And
right now what what I think is really
interesting though is if they do go down
this fundraising route, the next step
would be to set up a JV in China. So it
would be your clean structure, good old
foreign capital JV structure. And
there's even a potential IPO in Hong
Kong down the line if they pull this
off. But that said, there's so many
uncertainties. They have a lot of issues
to sort out, including where their staff
is going to go because it's all been
merged into the Meta family at this
point.
>> Yeah. And they had to raise a billion
dollars, right? Um Lulu, fantastic.
Thank you so much. Lulu Chen, our
managing editor for Asia Finance
Investing. And well and really that's
the perfect segue to get us into a
private market conversation out of the
JP Morgan Global China Summit uh in
Shanghai taking place and Hala Amen our
inside anchor is standing by with her
next guest who is an investor in the PE
industry and in healthcare industry has
>> well that's right and you are talking
about tag Dave it's also about tech AI
in healthcare let's get to Nissa Leong
founding managing partner at all capital
Nissa good to have you with us I mean we
talk about healthcare as a growth
frontier. There's now so much optimism
because of the AI and tech in
healthcare. Talk to us about the biggest
opportunities out there. It's not just
about bioparma, is it?
>> No, not at all. I mean, you know, it's
actually very exciting. I've been in
this field for 20 years. I mean, in the
past, it's really about, you know, let's
invest in companies that can help serve
the Chinese community. But now all of a
sudden, everything you see
technology-wise in US and Europe, it's
available in China and beyond. There's
so much innovation uh you know, in China
and then of course US and whatnot. How
can we leverage on the clinical
development capability globally the
speed the cost so that we can develop um
you know drug a lot faster and discover
drug a lot faster now I was a early
investor in companies like shinger
recursion in silicico and silicico has
done really well in Hong Kong and um in
fact you know I feel that right now
there's a great possibility that AI
could potentially be reducing the amount
of time that we could discover drugs and
then go beyond and of course patient
recruitment um you and a whole lot of
other processes and whatnot what we're
seeing in hospitals. So there's a lot of
really great opportunities using
leveraging on AI and digital
>> and we know that big pharma the likes of
Eli Neely are doubling triple down in
the Chinese market. What exactly are
they looking at?
>> Well, you know, it's it's really
interesting because last year $140
billion worth of licensing deals were
done in China, 50% of the global
licensing deal. 10 years ago it was
zero. So I mean the big farmer are
coming in doubling down tripling down
the BD people they're also you know
putting in lots of teams doing code
development automation and lots of
investment here and I think what they're
seeing is the speed I mean you know you
look look at the the speed of clinical
development in US it takes 3 years to do
the phase one clinical versus one year
in China and costwise MRI it cost $3,000
to do one in US versus like about $100
in China. So I think that right now
people are really starting to see maybe
you know a lot of the best-in-class
drugs are being developed in China and
in collaboration with a lot of the US
scientists or first-in-class drugs or
platform in US also leveraging on China
doing clinical trials.
>> To be sure though there's greater
innovation still in the US versus China.
>> I think so right now I do think so. Um,
I mean, you know, but China is picking
up uh a lot in re-engineering
capabilities and whatnot and really
developing some of the best in-class and
that's what a lot of the M&A and
licensing deals are done. But as time
goes on, I think there's going to be
more and more, you know, first-in-class
potentially coming out from China as
well. I'm actually super excited with
the young engineers and scientists who
are developing drugs and saying they're
saying, you know, I don't really think
about, you know, or care about what, you
know, some of the limitations are. let's
think about some of the new modalities
um and let's use AI as a tool. So there
are a lot of possibilities and of course
you know uh a company that I recently um
I was involved with from day one and
recently went public um you know Elma
they are in pro leader in proteomics so
protein is also the next frontier when
it comes to developing drugs for
neurosciences so I'm actually super
excited with areas that we can venture
into Alzheimer Parkinson MS ALS and a
whole lot of others leveraging on
>> we talk a lot about how AI is driving
drug discovery
>> yes which diseases
will be I guess solved first you think I
mean you know you're being exposed to a
lot of different companies and their own
research where are we with that well you
know it's actually very interesting
because I keep talking to uh some of our
CEOs including Alex of Encilico I think
there are rare diseases there are also
major diseases unmet medical need
diseases that people are not able to
solve so people are really trying to I
think you know one of the areas that uh
in fact incilico just announced the 30th
candidate um you know viewing AI to
discover uh and I do believe that
there's going to be areas in small
molecule uh peptide large molecule um
biologics and so on and so forth. So
there's actually a lot of potential
everywhere. But at the same time, I do
believe that it's important for us to
also look into using AI to develop
diagnostic tools um in other areas
because if we can discover the diseases
earlier, we will also have you know
biomarkers and other areas see how to
develop better drugs. So all in all, I
think that potentially I I feel that we
can actually develop some really great
breakthrough drugs in the next 10 years.
>> How about aging?
Absolutely. This is definitely one of
our one of our focus longevity
anti-aging. So, it's it's very exciting.
And look at RefMat. I mean, you know,
the the phase three clinical data coming
out from pancreatic cancer patients.
It's phenomenal. And we recently
invested in a pan EGFR um company that
is also very exciting that could
potentially reduce the resistance for
patients. So there are a lot of frontier
and I just hope that in the next 10
years we're looking at um really trying
to resolve some of the unmet medical
needs um and uh that we talked about and
then beyond that you know how to deal
with all the chronic diseases.
>> Are you seeing regulatory bottlenecks
right now because that could impede
innovation? Are you seeing that more in
the US more in China? How is it looking?
>> Well I think that um the innovation
is always a question mark right? Um I
think the FDA there's some you know
changes in um in the leadership uh you
know in the CD you know and other areas
but at the same time I think that
there's a lot more collaboration between
the companies a lot of the companies are
actually starting to uh colllocate from
day one um based in Europe and uh in
China US and China and really trying to
do global trials from day one and um and
I think that uh sometimes startups
biotech companies may not necessarily
need to think about how the approval
process may end up because they may get
licensed out or you know uh acquired by
big farmer. So I think that uh right now
there's also um you know some talks
about more drug regulatory harmonization
uh where countries beyond US and China
and Europe may recognize each other uh
you know um so that there could be more
access and faster access to drugs to
Asian countries to South America, Middle
East and so forth. So I do think that
with the you know um off you with the AI
and then with a lot of new modalities
with the mindset and uh and then
hopefully cheaper development costs we
can get drugs um faster and cheaper to
everybody.
>> Nissa great perspective there Nissa
Leong founding managing partner at all
capital and you know Dave I'm always
looking to be forever young right I mean
you're with me aren't you?
Um, I mean,
>> yes, he is always kind of look at
I I I mean, I have been told I look a
little bit like Brad Pitt, but a lot
like a homeless dog. So,
you split the difference and
>> Mhm.
>> Okay. Um,
>> there's no great move on from that.
Coming up, uh, has great interview.
Thank you so much. Of course, it was
great to have Naom back for us on our
program. Uh we're going to talk a bit
more about Sand Shard CEO Bill Winters
facing backlash after saying AI could
replace what he called lower value human
capital. We've now learned that
regulators in Hong Kong and Singapore
have been seeking clarity on those
remarks. Details next. This is
Bloomberg.
Well, Bloomber's been told that
regulators in Singapore and Hong Kong
have sought clarity from Standard
Charter following controversial comments
from the CEO, Bill Winters. Uh, you may
remember he referred to lower value
human capital this week in a briefing on
the bank's AI plans. Let's bring in
April Hong. She joins us from Singapore
with more on this. What do we know so
far, April?
Yeah, as you said, Ivon, sources telling
Bloomberg that Hong Kong and Singapore
regulators sought clarification earlier
this week and that the comments from the
Stan Chart CEO came up as a topic of
discussion. HKMA is said to have asked
if Sanchart is using AI as a pretext for
job cuts and some regulators also spoke
of how you know the impact from AI. They
wondered if this is going to be sort of
foreshadowing job cuts. They wanted to
know about the impact on their
respective markets. Um overall though
they did also highlight that this was
part of regular engagement these
discussions and of course this is coming
at a time where he's really come under a
lot of fire for these comments. I think
Standard Charted here is really trying
to contain the fallout. We've seen a lot
of condemnation for these comments on
social media including from a former
president of Singapore Hale Lima Yakob
talking about how the way in which these
workers were described uh in such a
clinical manner was disturbing and of
course this was coming in the context of
standard charted uh highlighting here
how 8,000 roles would be eliminated over
four is
>> I mean it's it's super it's tricky uh
because it does affect people's lives
but it's also a commercial consideration
and I I fully understand why not just
Bill Winters is not he's not the only
not even Banksy he's not the only CEO
that's struggling to find the right
words here April
>> yeah and it's also worth highlighting
that for Standard Charted it's one of
the first among these global banks to
outline how AI is going to affect hit
count. But to your point, it's not the
only executive that's struggling to find
the right words or perhaps more
worryingly that some of these gloves are
coming off in the way in which
executives are handling what's typically
done in such a delicate manner, right?
The issue of jobs and some analysts have
also called it taking a dystopian or
frightening turn. the way in which these
executives has used such language. We
recently heard from the Goldman
president talking about how when it
comes to you know some of the back
office roles traditional operations he s
sees it as a human assembly line that's
ripe for automation. Of course we also
heard just a day ago how the JP Morgan
chief weighed in to Bill Winter's
comments. Take a listen.
Bill, Bill's a friend of mine and all of
us say something incorrectly. He's
already come back into, you know, taking
that back. It was an inartful way to say
something. But I also think it'll be all
jobs. I I don't think it'll be higher
level, lower level. I think it'll be
more than you think, but it also will
create some jobs.
>> So there were more nuance comments
coming from the JP Morgan chief. I think
as AI spreads through the banking
industry, these executives increasingly
have to learn to balance how investors
are pushing for cost cuts, AI adoption
along with being considerate, the
considerations for workers as well.
Dave,
>> yeah, Averil, it's interesting, right,
the messaging uh how important it really
is to be, I guess, um, correct about it,
um, and really getting that messaging
right uh, when it comes to any company,
not just the banks, as you say. April,
uh, great, great stuff there. Um, and
really, you know, you talk about the
whole AI disruptions. I think certainly,
you know, Samsung has been feeling that
the last couple weeks as well, right?
And this whole dispute with its labor
union about, you know, sharing the
windfall from, of course, this AI boom,
and this was what was discussed, right?
So now the company is saying they're
going to distribute around $27 billion
to CHIP employees as bonuses this year
under that last minute deal with labor
unions to avert a strike. Based on 2026
profit estimates, Bloomer calculations
put the average payout per worker at
about $340,000.
So that's where your bonuses, guys. The
tentative union deal still requires a
vote by members, but would see the new
bonus program continue annually for at
least 10 years. So it it it goes to show
it's not just the the disruptions, but
the disruptors even within the ones that
are benefiting from this whole AI boom,
they're also debating, right? How do we
share this this sort of wealth that
that's really been created now in this
whole AI wave
>> within a company, right?
>> Within a company.
>> Within a company itself. And it's
um we were just talking about this a few
minutes ago the you know the AI dividend
that the government was looking to get
from not from the profits right but from
excess taxes on the profits but the
profits are there
>> for the reason they're having this
conversation and it's going to go
through a vote. I can't imagine a a
world where members are going to be no,
we don't want that. Yeah.
>> But it it I guess in many many ways
underscores the halves and halves not
have nots when it comes to this thing
and
>> it's I think in Korea's case it's really
become are you involved in the AI sector
and whether it's become a status symbol.
>> Yeah. I I I think in some ways that you
are, you know, riding and participating
in this massive windfall. Really, that's
that's that's
>> what do they call it? The the ultimate
blind date jacket. Uh you've seen this
has been circling around social media
circles, right? This SK Heinix jacket.
Um that people said, you know, watch out
>> it guarantees a second date,
>> they said. But what started was that I
think someone was trying to sell th this
jacket secondhand in some some website
and then I think the SNL of of of South
Korea basically picked it up and made a
whole skit about it saying that this is
the ultimate blind date jacket to you
know really show that you are now a
newly minted millionaire.
>> So it's the new the chips are the new
finance bro, right?
>> Bye-bye Patagonia vest. Okay, bring in
the SKH. I think there's there's jokes
about TSMC shoes, too, that people are
wearing to social gatherings and
whatnot.
>> Yeah.
>> So, it's it's now
>> Chips merch.
>> Well, yeah, the joke is now 56 in chips,
blue eyes optional.
No, but we have a prop here. I wonder
how much this is going to fetch in the
dating world.
>> The Bloomberg merch.
>> Yeah. See, I wonder if we can get a zoom
in on this.
>> I don't know. Maybe we should we should
go experiment and see.
>> So, for anyone that is single and if
someone shows up wearing this,
>> go to David's desk. You can borrow this.
Yeah. This is this a is this a second
date? Huh? It's certainly warm. I guess
that's how you use it, right? Are you
cold? That's going to get you a second
date, right? Okay.
>> Yes. Many ways to use it.
>> Anyway, it gets cold in the studio.
That's why it's like here.
>> Anyways, let's check markets. And
really, as we get to that lunch break,
uh well, we are in that lunch break in
Tokyo, but there you go. We're getting
hungry already. Um but yeah, the tech
bulls are getting hungry, right? Take a
look at what's going on when it comes to
greater China markets. Uh the cause DAC
continues to outperform here today.
We're up some 5% there. This is
Bloomberg.
Welcome back. It's really been a fairly
in informative week as it pertains to
Chinese the Chinese economy. And I think
when you look ahead to next week, we'll
really get confirmation on some of the
trends that have emerged this uh this
week. industrial profits are due out. We
have a whole set of PMI numbers at the
back end uh of of next week. We also
have the Bloomberg economic survey and
where economists think the this economy
is going to be. The reason I bring that
up and Goldman actually have this
fantastic set of numbers that they've
dropped in our inboxes this morning. Um
it's more than two charts. We'll
highlight two just for you here just to
underscore the recent weakness we've
seen in the economy. Number one is when
you look at what's really driven the
activity indicator down. As you can see
here, it's really the consumption uh
story that's really been the drag as far
as that's concerned. And within that, of
course, how surprising uh the data has
actually been to the downside. In fact,
they have their version of the the MAP
surprise index and that's actually now
that's going to coming up very very
shortly here. That's dropped to the
lowest level here since May of of of
2023. So the markets are trying to just
uh recalibrate and triangulate where
markets are, where earnings were and
where the economy currently is. I guess
Ivon is a good is a good starting point.
>> Yeah. I mean you continue to see this
K-shaped recovery or K-shaped economy as
some economists have said where you
continue to see consumption uh you know
struggling but then again when you take
a look at you know manufacturing you
take industrial profits you are also
seeing that Iran impact on some of these
industrial side of things in China as
well when you know material costs are
getting more expensive and then there's
a whole AI physical AI play is this the
next phase in this whole AI where you're
starting to see rotation
uh into not just robotics
infrastructure. Lenovo is certainly
front and center in that discussion
here. We're up 14% here. Juku also uh
based on that Morgan Stanley report
about uh how they're they're able to
reduce capex as well just given the the
technical innovations there is certainly
one thing that they're seeing in the
software side of things. 20% gains for
Jeru. They are also a leading contender
possibly in this HSI review as well. So
there you go. A just tech up 1 and a
half% here today.